Replace usage of Boost parameters with CGAL named function parameters (#6642)
CGAL/cgal: Mesh_3/doc/Mesh_3/Mesh_3.txt

\section Mesh_3_section_interface Interface

> Since \cgal 5.6, this packages uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Since \cgal 5.6, this package uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.
```

> Since \cgal 5.6, this packages uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of \cgal 5.6, this package uses \ref bgl_namedparameters to set parameters. More details are provided in  \ref FromBoostNPtoCGALNP.
```
